Word search (#409)
worldbank/d4di: appendix/stata-guide.tex

ID variables are also perfect variables to sort on,
and to \texttt{order} first in the data set.

> The command \texttt{compress} makes the data setsmaller in terms of memory usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command \texttt{compress} makes the dataset smaller in terms of memory usage
```

Author: Ha! Good catches.
